{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Chris Fortin\
1/6/15	\
Web Programing Fundamentals\
Problem Solving\
\
1) Define the problem\
\
2) Break the problem apart\
\
3) Identify potential solutions\
\
4) Evaluate each potential solution\
\
5) choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it.\
\
\
A Cat, A Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\
1) The problem is that a man is trying to bring all 3 of these items across a river. But the man can only bring one of these things across at a time. The cat will eat the parrot and the parrot will eat the seed. \
2) The cat will eat the parrot, the parrot will eat the seed. They all need to get across the river.\
3) If I bring the parrot across first then the cat won\'92t eat it, and the parrot won\'92t eat the seed. \
4) But if the parrot is on the other side of the river once he brings another thing across then the parrot will be eaten or eat the seeds.\
5) In my eyes there is no solution to this problem, the parrot would get eaten or he would eat the seeds.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Socks in the Dark\
1) I need a matching pair of socks, and I need 3 different colors of matching socks. There are 20 socks scattered in a drawer, 10 black socks, 6 brown socks, and 4 white socks. The lights are out and you need to pick up how many socks to get 3 different colored matching pairs of socks.\
2) 20 socks, 10 black, 6 brown, 4 white. \
3) I need to grab the least amount of socks and still have 3 matching pairs. I would need to grab 6 socks.  \
4) If I grab 6 socks at random I would have the correct amount, but I wouldn\'92t know what colors I had.\
5) If you grab 6 socks chances are you have one pair of matching socks, however there is a very small chance you grabbed 3 pairs of 3 different colored socks. But there is a chance you could.\
\
Predicting Fingers\
1) A little girls counts using her hands, starting with her thumb she counts to five going down her fingers. When she reaches 6 reverses direction and counts 6 on her ring finger ending with 9 on her thumb\
2) If she used this way to count then it will be random on what finger she stops counting on when she reaches 100 or 1000 because there is no pattern where multiples of 5 always end up on the same finger. \
3) I could count on my fingers and try to count all the way up to 1000. I could draw a picture and try to count up to 1000.\
4) Using my finger or the drawing I could miss count or miss a finger and screw up the rotation. But I could also do it right and get the correct answer.\
5) counting to ten on my finger I got 10 on my index finger.\
5) counting to 100 on my drawing I got to the ring finger \
5) counting to 1000 on my drawing I got to the ring finger\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
}